Step-by-Step Ordering System for WooCommerce
Terms and Conditions

1. Plugin Description and Licensing:

Step-by-Step Ordering System for WooCommerce is an addon product that works in
conjunction with the WooCommerce system for WordPress. This plugin is created
and owned by The Dream Builders Company, and not owned or or operated by
WooCommerce. All extensions, unless otherwise stated, are licensed under the
GNU General Public License (http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html) version 2.0
or later.

2. Warranty:

Plugins sold and distributed by The Dream Builders Company are done so in the
hope that they will be useful, however, we are not responsible for your
personal success or fitness of use of the product. We offer a strong support
system and will do our utmost to offer you help, guidelines and suggestions,
and we warranty our work to ensure our code is well written and functions to
the best of its ability.

3. Functionality:

The Step-by-Step Ordering System for WooCommerce has been tested on a number
of WordPress themes, including a standard clean install of WordPress, standard
WordPress themes, standard WooCommerce themes, WooCommerce Storefront, and
various themes from the WordPress Repository.  This plug-in is designed to be
compatible with any themes that support WooCommerce functionality.

Because the number and variety of plugins is vast and wide, we cannot
guarantee the plugin will function with all third-party plugins and themes of
every or any kind. Therefore, we do not assume responsibility and will not be
held responsible for any conflicts or compatibility issues that may occur due
to third-party software. We assume no responsibility for any data loss as a
result of installing or using the The Step-by-Step Ordering System. Should
conflicts occur with third-party software, we are happy to provide support at
our discretion as we are ready, willing or able to do so.

4. Support:

We do our utmost to offer only the best products possible. However, as with
any software application, the  Step-by-Step Ordering System for WooCommerce is
utilized and/or sold "as is" and without guaranteed warranty, meaning the
product may not function exactly as you would like, or that it will be
completely compatible with all third-party components and plugins.  Support
for the  Step-by-Step Ordering System for WooCommerce is sold and distributed
by The Dream Builders Company is only available for those who have an active,
paid premium extension license. For those of you who choose to use the fully
functional light version of the plugin, we offer online documentation and
support info directly in the plugin settings and on our website at
http://stepbystepsys.com

Support and updates are granted for one year after the original purchase
based on the license you have purchased. After one year is completed, the
purchaser must renew their license in order to continue receiving support and
updates for the items purchased. For purchases that include an automatically
renewing subscription, support will be provided for as long as the
subscription remains active.

Support and updates for the  Step-by-Step Ordering System for WooCommerce
will be provided as long as the plugin is actively in development. Should any
one of the following occur, The Dream Builders Company will no longer be
responsible for providing support for the Step-by-Step Ordering System:

• The Step-by-Step Ordering System is no longer actively developed as a
viable product under The Dream Builders Company.

• The Dream Builders Company (or any parent company) is purchased or bought
out by another company.

• WordPress is no longer actively developed.

While we attempt to provide the best support possible for our plugins, The
Dream Builders Company cannot and does not guarantee that any particular
support query can, or will be answered to the exact extent, or within a
timeframe that the inquirer is completely satisfied.

5. Automatic Updates:

Automatic updates are available to license holders who have an active and
valid subscription and license key. Automatic updates are available for the
Step-by-Step Ordering System for WooCommerce and will continue to be
available as long as the license key generated from the purchase is valid and
active.  The plugin will provide you with a notice that an update is
available when present.  As with all plugins, make sure you backup all your
site before implementing new installs.  The light version of the plugin will
also present you with updates (when available).

*6. Plugin Delivery:

After we have processed your payment successfully, you will receive an email
with your order number and other purchase information. Your license key is
available in your account area along with your plugin downloads. You can
download the plugin by logging into the account created for you when
purchasing the plugin and clicking on the appropriate link.  Should you not
receive an email containing your information, you can contact us directly
through our website.

Access to re-download purchased files will be granted so long as your license
key is valid. If a license key expires, download access to the associated
files will be restricted and/or discontinued until such time as the license
key is renewed. All customers are given 30-day notice to renew prior to
expiration date.

7. Ownership:

All plugins are property of The Dream Builders Company. Claiming any type of
intellectual or exclusive ownership rights of our products is strictly
prohibited.  Our plugin is provided "as is.” We are not liable for any
damages, including but not limited to, direct, indirect, special, incidental
or consequential damages or losses that occur due to the use or inability to
use our plugins.

8. Website & Plugin Content:

All content found on this site and throughout the plugin including images,
documentation, support queries and any other information is property of The
Dream Builders Company and may not be copied, distributed or redistributed
without permission or consent.

9. Price Changes:

The Dream Builders Company reserves the right to modify, change, cancel or
upgrade a plugin subscription and/or license key without prior notice or
consent. Prices of all products are subject to change without prior notice or
consent.

10. Refund Policy:

At the Dream Builders Company, we firmly believe in and stand behind our
product 100%, but we understand that with software or applications of any
kind, they may not work perfectly for everyone all of the time. If you are
unhappy with your purchase, or you have an issue that we are unable to
resolve that makes the system unusable, we will consider offering a refund.
Refunds will be offered only at our sole discretion and must meet all of the
following conditions fully:

• You are within the first 30 days of the purchase of the plugin.
• Your issue(s) comes from not being able to install the plugin properly or
get the plugin to perform its basic functions.
• You have attempted to resolve your issue(s) with our support team.

* Please Note:  No refunds will be granted after the first 30 days of the
original purchase whatsoever.
* Also Note:  Issues caused by 3rd party plugins, themes or other software
will NOT provide grounds for a refund.

11. Email:
The Dream Builders Company and/or The  Step-by-Step Ordering System for
WooCommerce may occasionally send you emails related to the purchase of
product(s) from our company. We may also send you occasional emails or
information related to updates, promotions, or news. We will never sell or
release your information to any third party vendors. You may opt out of these
emails at any time without penalty.

12. License Agreement
By purchasing our product(s), you indicate and consent that you have read and
agree to the Terms & Conditions listed and detailed on this page. We reserve
the right to change or modify the current Terms and Conditions without prior
notice or consent.

13. Severability
If any part of this agreement is declared unenforceable or invalid, all
remaining clauses in this agreement shall remain binding on the customer.
